April CQA work for MTA 8.1 Release Notes DITA fixes (#356)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/release-notes-topics/ref_known-issues-8-0-1.adoc

= Known issues

[role="_abstract"]

> Review the following newly identified and previously known issues in {ProductFirstRef} ({ProductShortName}) version 8.0.1. All future release notes list a known issue until resolved, at which point it appears as a fixed issue.

Reviewer: Let's follow the same format as in RHEL (where it was approved by a CS).
```suggestion
 Understand how newly identified and previously known issues might affect your use of {ProductFirstRef} ({ProductShortName}) version 8.0.1, and how to work around them.

A known issue is listed in all future release notes until resolved, at which point it is published as a fixed issue. 
```

{ProductShortName} assessment form malfunctions when you use it with a custom questionnaire::
In the {ProductShortName} {WebName}, selecting an answer to a question in the assessment form generated from a custom questionnaire causes the form to select an option available for another question.
+
To work around this problem, ensure that one or more `order` keys listed in a section, for example `answers`, have a unique order number.
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-6262[MTA-6262]

{ProductShortName} UI does not trigger a violation for open source dependencies in Gradle applications:: 
{ProductShortName} UI does not trigger a violation for open source libraries when you run a `source+dependency` analysis of a Gradle application. As a result, the analysis report does not list incidents for open source dependencies. 
+
To work around this problem, analyze Gradle applications by using the {ProductShortName} command-line interface (CLI).
+
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTA-6211[MTA-6211]

{ProductShortName} UI fails to process applications with service bindings::

> When you use the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI) to run an application discovery for a deployed Cloud Foundry (CF) application with a service binding, {ProductShortName} UI does not parse the `VCAP_SERVICES` environment variables correctly to handle service binding information. As a result, the discovery fails.

Reviewer: See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#release-notes-known-issues
```suggestion
When you use the {ProductFullName} user interface (UI) to run an application discovery for a deployed Cloud Foundry (CF) application with a service binding, {ProductShortName} UI does not parse the `VCAP_SERVICES` environment variables correctly to handle service binding information. As a consequence, the discovery fails.
```
